It is 1721 in the year of our lord and the ports in the Canary islands are thriving. We are in what later will be known as the “Age of Piracy” and the vast ocean is still unconquered territory.
Europeans powers such as Spain or Britain are waging war on each other with the use of pirates, and so the Oceans have become hostile places full of constant danger.
One of the main stages in the world of piracy is the Canary Islands, with its strategic location, ships on route both to the west Indies and to Asia have made it a favored stop.
It also belongs to the Kingdom of Castille, and pirates working with Britain of the Netherlands seek to weaken this kingdom.
In the morning of the INSERT DATE  1721, the streets of Puerto de la Cruz are hit with a rumour that a pirate, under a different name and flag has been staying of the last week in Tenerife, and that a certain famous ship is waiting for him outside the port.
What is a pirate doing in Puerto de la Cruz that long? And who is it? Could the rumours of treasure and riches be true?
The first step to a pirate’s name is his ship. We need to find out the name of the ship, quick!
In this town, ships stay at sea and sailors arrive by rowing boat. Find the colour of your team by the boats, the sailors must have left some equipment behind with the name of the ship!
But careful, don’t get inside the boats or they could see you

Teams have to get to the port and find an find an oar in their teams colour with the name of the ship “El Invencible” a small map and the second clue on a page strapped around the oar, that says:

“El Invencible” is a famous ship in the African coast and in the Caribbean, but who is its captain?
I think you better check the pirate’s registry.

They will find the registry list on the wall of “The Royal Customs House” right there on the port, where you find that the pirate is Cara de Perro.  With this information, the next clue can now be read on the small map found before.

Each pirate that has been known to dock in this town, has a rumored “hostess” for his stay. Find her, she will know where he left the clues to the treasure, or even if there is a treasure at all!
But quick! She is rumored to get into a foul mood when asked too many questions and someone might get to her before you do!

The map takes you to Cara de Perro’s mistress. There you find a chest that is locked and a riddle. The riddle is the clue to find the key. The clue is Mermaid, and it should lead to Mermaid´s Bay i (otherwise known as San Telmo)

Beautiful skin and a knowing glance,
With looks that will invoke romance.
Red, flowing hair has my long distance kin
In the minds of many children that she dwells in.
Sweetest of melody, she will insist,
And make trouble for you should you not resist.
Fall in and over, do not dismay
Eternity with her is but a breath away.

Once they find the right clue, the mistress tells them the story of Mermaid’s bay, so they know to look for it. The story goes like this:

There is a legend in this town, a very old and forgotten one, that talks about a sailor that went mad.
He fell in love  with a mysterious woman that came from the sea, with red flowing hair and a mischievous grin. 
A few weeks later, the same way she arrived, she left, and the poor sailor was driven mad from grief, until one stormy day, when the Ocean looked hungry and fierce, he gave himself to the waves in despair where he first saw her.
Some say she was a witch, some say just a woman passing by, but most of us think she was a mermaid, never meant to be seen. From that day on, we call that bay Mermaid’s Bay.

Underneath a mermaid sticker (one each colour for each group) in Mermaid’s Bay, they will find a key to the chest. Once they open the chest, they find a note:

You have with us a great big debt
Bring us some money or you’ll be dead
Or come and play and dare to bet
You´ll find us where the sand gets wet
If gambling is where your mind is set
But bring some coin do not forget
If you have no money don´t get upset
You can always win some with a great duet
If you find a hostess of name Juliet
Your song must be the best one yet

The group must find Juliet’s Place where the hostess will give them money for entertainment if she likes the song.
Inside the money bag there is another clue that takes you to Martianez Beach where the gamblers are.

On wet sand where the Sun has risen
Come and play or go to prison.
If for some reason you should loose
We will take you to the noose.
The content of your pretty chest
We keep it opposite to the West.

The groups go to Martianez where a gambler waits for them and makes them gamble all their money in the game of the 15 sticks. After a while he lets them win.

15 sticks GAME

The gamblers give them the content of a map (which is really just have a map) with a cypher.

In order to find the prize 
an innocent you must condemn
you will find one in the Devil’s den. (but cyphered) 

The groups find their way to the Devil’s Den (Hell’s Gate) where they find the Devil himself.

Welcome all! I hear you are looking for a certain treasure stained with the blood of the guilty and innocent alike. All of who are now residing with me.
Hahahahahaha
If you want the next clue you will need to know a few things first. 
This treasure will only be found by those who condemn an innocent’s soul to me, and reach the treasure accompanied by a black cat. But try to unearth it at your own peril. 

The groups play reverse Hangman to condemn an innocent’s soul. The words: Black Fortress
This refers to the Castle next to the beach where they can find the treasure.
The Devil gives them a black cat and a map that is cyphered to go to the Black Fortress. The key to the cypher is on the cat’s collar.

Now I have given you all you need to find your treasure, I hope it is worth the soul you condemned! Hahahahha 

Behind the castle we find the ghost of the sailor that helped Cara de Perro bury the treasure, who was killed to assure he never went back for it. You will need to offer the cat to him and answer a riddle to continue.
I can bring tears to your eyes,
Resurrect the dead,
Make you smile,
And reverse time.
I form in an instant,
But I last a life time.
What am I?
 
Answer: A memory
The ghost will then let you through to the treasure.









